index.md, before:

Justin Anthony

janthony@udel.edu 

<a href = "Scratch.html">Scratch Site!!</a>
[Github Repository](https://github.com/janthony-ud/CISC275-Portfolio)

Week 1 - 9/2-9/9

[VSCode Tutorial/Documentation](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/getstarted/userinterface)

I hadn't used VSCode before this class, so I took about an hour to go through the handy features it offers as opposed to other IDE's, and took note of common shortcuts and quirks of the application that differ from the other IDE's I've used. This was a very good resource that I've bookmarked and will definitely be coming back to. 

[React Tutorial](https://github.com/janthony-ud/CISC275-Portfolio/blob/main/indexReact.js)

Did one of the tutorials provided for React creating a website for a basic Tic-Tac-Toe game. Took me longer than I expected (a solid few hours) partly because I was going through it slowly, partly because I did this in VSCode rather than locally on the website to get some more feel for the IDE. Really good tutorial and I can definitely see how React works to make adaptive web applications. I didn't get a chance to see how React Hooks worked, but that seems like it could make things interesting. 

[Git Tutorial](https://learngitbranching.js.org/)

I had done a bit of Git in 210, but only basic commit, push, pull, and status related things. Finished about 60% of this tutorial. Still feeling a little shaky on how branching works and how to keep track of where your current position is among the commits, but I think one of the things that helped me was thinking about it as a data structure, ie. the list of changes behaving similarly to a linked list, so I think it'll just take more practice and hours put into understanding it to really feel comfortable with it. 


[To Do](https://janthony-ud.github.io/275-Basic-Site/ToDo.html)

[Change Log](https://janthony-ud.github.io/275-Basic-Site/ChangeLog.html)

Commit message:

updated portfolio with all new projects/tutorials

index.md, after:

Justin Anthony

janthony@udel.edu 


[Github Repository](https://github.com/janthony-ud/CISC275-Portfolio)

Week 1 - 9/2-9/9

[VSCode Tutorial/Documentation](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/getstarted/userinterface)

I hadn't used VSCode before this class, so I took about an hour to go through the handy features it offers as opposed to other IDE's, and took note of common shortcuts and quirks of the application that differ from the other IDE's I've used. This was a very good resource that I've bookmarked and will definitely be coming back to. 

[React Tutorial](https://github.com/janthony-ud/CISC275-Portfolio/blob/main/indexReact.js)

Did one of the tutorials provided for React creating a website for a basic Tic-Tac-Toe game. Took me longer than I expected (a solid few hours) partly because I was going through it slowly, partly because I did this in VSCode rather than locally on the website to get some more feel for the IDE. Really good tutorial and I can definitely see how React works to make adaptive web applications. I didn't get a chance to see how React Hooks worked, but that seems like it could make things interesting. 

[Git Tutorial](https://learngitbranching.js.org/)

I had done a bit of Git in 210, but only basic commit, push, pull, and status related things. Finished about 60% of this tutorial. Still feeling a little shaky on how branching works and how to keep track of where your current position is among the commits, but I think one of the things that helped me was thinking about it as a data structure, ie. the list of changes behaving similarly to a linked list, so I think it'll just take more practice and hours put into understanding it to really feel comfortable with it. 

Week 2 - 9/16

<a href = "Scratch.html">Scratch Site!!</a>

Basic Basic Basic html website I made. No features yet, spent most of my time trying to figure out git, and even the things I did do with this website took me longer than I expected, ie. configuring it correctly, syntax, linking it correctly into this repo, etc. 

[Git Documentation](https://git-scm.com/docs)

Some helpful notes on the different things Git provides

[Git Youtube Channel](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLFIM0718LjIVknj6sgsSceMqlq242-jNf)

Incredibly helpful youtube playlist that I used throughout the git tutorial I completed this week (the one I had started last week) and bookmarked because of how helpful it was.


[To Do](https://janthony-ud.github.io/275-Basic-Site/ToDo.html)

[Change Log](https://janthony-ud.github.io/275-Basic-Site/ChangeLog.html)
